26836;high-end details and fixtures,washer/dryer unit in apt,dishwasher,open concept living room/ kitchen/ dinning area. Mix of classic Bklyn living with contemporary convenience. If ""quality of life"" is a priority Park Slope is the right neighborhood. Park Slope is a progressive open community with easy access to great restaurants, transportation (N,R,F lines).26959; NO FEE!! CALL, TEXT or EMAIL Zalman at 123-456-7890 for a vieiwng today - NO FEE!!27599;TRUE 2 BEDROOM IN NICE WALK-UP BUILDING. SPACIOUS LIVING ROOM W/ FRPL!Very nice, true 2 BR in charming walkup building. Big living room with decorative fireplace. Both bedrooms fit queen beds. Separate kitchen with updated refrigerator and stove. Plenty of counter and cabinet space. Good light throughout. Located close to the 6, E, and M trains. Easy commute to Grand Central, Hunter College, and UN building. Available July 1st 2014. Pet friendly.46695;NEW!! Rare Large two bedroom in the east village where you have enough space to put a queen sized bed plus furniture. The apartment gets incredible light. Located Houston you are near everything you could ever need in the city. Walking distance to Soho, Greenwich Village, Lower East Side, a 15 minute walk to the West village. Near transportation!  6, N, R, F, M, B. This apartment wont last ! 49372;renovated 2 bedroom elevator laundry unit50016; n/a 51293;This huge 3bd apartment is situated in a luxury elevator building with marble lobby, laundry and live in super. Newly renovated building from head to toe in excellent location!! Brand new granite kitchen, stainless steel appliances with tons of counter and cabinet space. Full wall of closets in every room, great for storage. Each bedroom can fit a queen sized bed and a dresser. Large balcony off the living room area, great for entertaining. Polished hardwood floors. Perfect for roommates!!Video intercom. Alarm system. Wired for cable and internet. Central A/C and heat, heat and hot water included. Close to 6 train, buses and local eateries.52892;This building lives up to the high-caliber reputation of the Upper West Side neighborhood that it is located within. It is situated on a quiet, pet-friendly, tree-lined street and is nestled within a vibrant and community based neighborhood close to some of the best schools in New York City. Residents have unprecedented access to Central Park, one of the city's most desirable landmarks, which is within a short stroll from its doorstep. Numerous conveniences, such as a 24/7 luxury doorman, a beautiful court yard and a laundry room add to the tranquility and comfort of this residence.53309;Recent renovations- True 2 bedroom with closets- Private outdoor space- Separate, spacious living area- Queen bedrooms- Exposed brick- Decorative fireplace- Full kitchen with breakfast bar- Microwave- Ample cabinet, counter and shelf space- Hardwood floors- High ceilings- Soaking tub with shower- Dogs and cats allowed (case by case)- Well-maintained building - Secured entry- Voice intercom- Steps to the nearest 6 train at 116th Street- Laundromats nearby- Various shops, restaurants and public transportation in the area.57256;-BACK ON THE MARKET-LARGE and SUNNY true 3 bedroom apartment on Rivington Street!Apartment Features:-Corner unit, tons of windows and DOUBLE exposure-FLOODED with sunlight-HUGE living room-Black granite breakfast bar-High ceilings-3 queen sized bedroomsApartment and Neighborhood Features:-Free WiFi-Video intercom system with text message entry-Located on Rivington Street in a quiet corner of the Lower East Side-Best bars, restaurants and clubs all within walking distanceContact Isaac  today!Isaac 237-689-4377.57680;Available for a June Move-in is this Sun-drenched True 2 Bedroom Apartment Located on West 4th Street between Cornelia & Jones St. Amazing Location, just a few steps to the W. 4th St. Station. Situated in a well maintained walk-up up building, only two flights up on the 3rd floor. Resident Superintendent on premises, pets allowed. *Pictures are updated and of the actual unit.Separate Eat-In Kitchen. Laundry in Building. Elevator.57848; Laundry in Building, No pets please.58640;Check Out This Lovely Apartment Located In Glen Oaks! Features Two Bedrooms, Living Room And Dining Room, Eat In Kitchen, And Bath. Near Express Bus To Manhattan And Tennis Court. Rental Available From July 15th. Parking On Street Or Can Get Permit For Outdoor Parking. Has Security 24 Hrs, Tennis Courts And Basketball. Laundry On Site.58800;"Amazing brand new and renovated 2 bedroom in a centrally located East Village (Saint Marks Place) that's full of character.Brand new renovations include new EAT-IN kitchen with ss appliances and new bathroom. Two queen size bedrooms. Apartment is located on the 3rd floor (2 flights up). features:High ceilings. Wood paneling. Exposed brick. Bright and sunny (South facing).Location! Location! Location! Astor Place. Minutes to Union Square and LES.Bond New York is a real estate broker that supports equal housing opportunity.58842;Beautifully gut renovated true 2 bedroom apartment, NO FEE. Spacious living room with polished hardwood floors throughout. Large separate kitchen with new stainless steel appliances. High ceilings, full of light, large bedrooms and new tiled bathroom.Prewar walk-up building with lovely courtyard, just minutes away from Fort Tryon Park and the Cloisters. Just a few blocks from major subway lines (1, A) and convenient to retail and restaurants on Dyckman Street.Resident super. Heat and water included. 20 minutes into midtown. Cats ok.60080;Washington heights steal! Huge true 3 bedroom in an opulent luxury elevator building on Riverside Drive. This unit is newly renovated with huge eat in kitchen. Full/Queen sized bedrooms make this a perfect space for all. Windows in every room. Located on a high floor with lots of sunlight. Large living room, great for entertaining. Tons of closet space scattered throughout.Heat and water included. Live-in super. Laundry in the building. 100% no fee!60184;Conveniently located on the Financial District of Manhattan makes this building close to everything. A short walk will bring you to Public Transportation, Great Shopping and Fine Restaurants. This immaculate building is presented with Hi-Speed elevators, On-site Super and Laundry and situated on a quiet street.This wonderful apartment is offered with a recently renovated kitchen, renovated bathroom, high ceilings and hardwood floors. This spacious Flex 2 easily will accommodate your furniture. This apartment has it all, Space, Location and Below Market Rent with NO FEE!!!!!!60970;Our Thoughts: This beautifully renovated three bedroom features a spacious living room, exposed brick and three equally sized bedrooms. Ample closet space throughout.62453;This beautiful gut renovated garden apt will please any outdoor lover, and it is probably the best 2 bedrooms value in Park Slope right now. This lovely home it is not like any garden apt. It offers a great layout with 2 large queen size bedrooms in opposite ends, both windowed, with closest and tons of space for dresser, etc. The separated eat in kitchen offers tons of cabinetry, full size stainless steel appliances and a huge rare PANTRY ! There is a great area for dining table. Beautiful carefully renovated bathroom with tons of storage. Video intercom system Rare high ceilings for a grown floor unit. Pets welcome upon landlord approval.62888;Massive florthrough * separated SS kitchen w/ dishwasher * Union St & 4 ave !!This massivve floorthrough apartment is laid out as 3 large large rooms, plus a eating in kitchen. Sunfilled livingroom with decorative fireplace. Beautiful separated kitchen with tons of cabinet space and countertop, and stainless steel appliances ( included dishwasher ) Heat and hot water included. Pets friendly Awesome location: Union Street & 4 ave. R train around the corner. 1 stop to Atlantic Terminal and many express trains to Manhattan. 1 block to 5 Avenue e heart of Park Slope.62933;Sweet 2 bedroom with private beautiful landscaped backyard!!! One bedroom is slightly smaller. Both have closets. Fit full beds. Heat and hot water included. 64062;Amazing gut renovated huge 3 bedroom unit in the Morningside/Hamilton heights section on Manhattan. Located in a great elevator building close to all the trains a/j/z/2/3/4/5. Laundry in the building, just a quick walk or train stop to Columbia. Perfect for roommates. Each room fits a full/queen with a dresser. Windows in every room makes this unit bright and airy. Huge eat in kitchen. Marble tiled bathroom. Steps from all the exciting nightlife upper Manhattan has to offer. Apartment is ready now! Best price for the area!Heat and water included. Video intercom. Cable and internet ready.NO PETS!!65763;Available for 7/1. 3Bedroom with upgraded SS kitchen, hard wood floors, granite counter, each bedroom has a window, fits a queen bed and additional pieces of furniture. Unit has 3 closets in total. Close to all- Washington Sq Park, loads of shops, restaurants, bars, and most major subway lines. 66434;This apartment is situated in a luxury elevator building in the heart of the East Village. Apartment is on a high floor. Extra large 3 bed, All rooms fit a queen sized bed with additional furniture. Large kitchen with dishwasher. Furnished roof deck with amazing views of the city!!n the heart of East Village, cant beat this deal!!! Central ac/heat, heat and hot water included. Live-in super. The building is equipped with video intercom and alarm system. Close to shopping, Union Square Park and all mass transit.or exclusive66935;Comfortable spacious renovated apartment, with modern kitchen, modern bathroom, hardwood floors?updated kitchen, updated bathroom, storage space. It is located in a well maintained video security elevator laundry building within a five minute walk to the subway.?All buildings come with Bed Bug?certifications.?Cable and High Speed Internet, Heat and Hot Water Included.?Showing Today!?72309;Sunny first floor apartment with large outdoor private space...Totally renovated with an amazing kitchen,equipped with dishwasher, hard wood floor and high ceiling throughout the entire unit. The two bedrooms are at opposite ends. The rear bedroom works ideally as an amazing home office, that over looks your flower potted landscaped deck, or as a nursery. Pet are on a case by case basis. Short one block to 5th avenue shopping, eateries and pubs, and 3 blocks to F,G, N.R subway at 10th Street. Contact me today to schedule a viewing. THANKS!72321;This is one of the larger winged two beds, wood floors, high ceilings, closets in each room, large eat in kitchen. Windows in every room, North and South facing, open house Tuesday and Thursday from 4:30 to 6:15 by appointment.73887;"Near McCarren Park ----- Nassau G and Bedford L trains, sits this colossal apartment, one block to Mccarren Park. Railroad style  apartment, super sunny with windows in all the rooms, hardwood floors throughout, ample closet space, large eat in kitchen, full bathroom with tub and shower. Be the first to see this gigantic apartment 2 seconds away from McCarren Park. Heat and hot water included in rent. Sorry no pets.:(74243;**Just Listed**Must See**Easy Approval**Sunny, Quiet, and Beautiful 2 bedroom on the UES -  Recently Renovated-  High Ceilings-  Separate Kitchen with plenty of counter-top space and storage-  Microwave-  Dishwasher-  Specious 1 bedroom that can fit a QUEEN bed and dressers-  Hardwood Floors-  Great Closet Space-  New Bathroom-  Living space can easily accommodate a sectional couch, coffee table, TV Center, and dinette area.Come see it today!In addition to this apartment, I have access to HUNDREDS of exclusive listings through BOLD New York. I also have great relationships with many landlords in the city, small and large. As a renter myself, I understand how difficult it can be to find an apartment in NYC. My aim is to streamline the process for you and make things easier so that you're able find your new home quickly, with minimal stress.74375;This amazing two bed is situated in a luxury elevator building with laundry and live-in super. Queen sized bedrooms with closets. Spacious living space. Windows throughout. Separate kitchen with stainless steel appliances.Laundry on every floor. Live-in super. Heat and water included. Video intercom. Cable and internet ready.74897;NO FEE !! Truly amazing 2 Bed in Lower East Side, this unit is totally renovated throughout including Stainless Steel Appliances, Subway Tile Bathroom, and Oak Strip floors.Building features live-in super, bike rack, and a laundry room, Close to the subway, restaurants, bars.You can't beat the Lower East Side. Its's a great neighborhood full of art, good food, and fun.Call, text, or email us with any questions and to schedule a viewing! Not quite what you?re looking for? We specialize in everything from studios through 3 bedrooms downtown in the East Village, Lower East Side, and surrounding neighborhoods. We have access to everything on the market ? let us show you your new home! All material herein is intended for information purposes only and has been compiled from sources deemed reliable. Though information is believed to be correct, it is presented subject to errors, omissions, changes or withdrawal without notice.  Miron Properties is a licensed Real Estate Broker.76709;Be the FIRST to live in this BRAND NEW, gut renovated 2 bedroom, one bath home. Renovations have just completed and this is your chance to see it first! This Sun drenched large True 3 bedroom apartment furthers, newly eat in kitchen with granite counter tops and stainless steel appliances including a dishwasher and a microwave,hardwood floor, marble bath and big windows that brings in tons of natural sunlight.This elevator building located in the heart of Midtown West. It?s surrounded by all of the best shopping and restaurants, For those working in Midtown or needing to commute, this central location will get you anywhere you need to be.77109;71ST/3 AVENUE! LARGE TRUE 3 BED! MASSIVE 1200 SQF UNIT COMPLETELY RENOVATED!Brand new two bedroom in a well maintained walk up building. Apartment has NEW EVERYTHING including a dishwasher, 5 windows, stainless steel kitchen, marble bathroom, oak floors , it also feature large living room, high ceiling, bright windows, voice intercom stainless steel kitchen appliances, including dishwasher with granite counter-top and bathroom which is completely renovated.  The unit has 3 large bedrooms that can fit queen sized beds and has 2 living rooms (one of which can be made into a bedroom) Eat-it kitchen make this a rare find.Perfect Location for your NYC Lifestyle. Paces away from Central Park and easily accessed by three subway lines, the Upper East Side?s convenient location only adds to its upper-crust reputation.78207;Large 1-Bedroom or Railroad-style 2-Bedroom Features:  Prime East Village location on 1st Avenue between 12th and 13th street  1.5 blocks to L train, close to Union Square   Plenty of windows and sunlight   Renovated walk-up building   Extra storage available  Dogs and cats okay  Call or text Katie Bahan to view.78316;50TH/ 2 AVE!! TRUE 2 BEDROOM IN NICE WALK-UP BUILDING. SPACIOUS LIVING ROOM W/ FRPL!Very nice, true 2 BR in charming walkup building. Big living room with decorative fireplace. Both bedrooms fit queen beds. Separate kitchen with updated refrigerator and stove. Plenty of counter and cabinet space. Good light throughout. Located close to the 6, E, and M trains. Easy commute to Grand Central, Hunter College, and UN building. 78525;Gramercy Park/Union Square! Huge 3 bedroom apartment located in one of NYC’s hottest neighborhoods. Spacious and bright it has big bedrooms, large closets, and a separate kitchen with beautiful cabinets, granite counter tops and stainless steel appliances including a dishwasher. It also has a spacious living room, and is flooded with natural light. All situated in an elevator building with laundry, and surrounded by shops, restaurants, and cafes. In addition ALL UTILITIES INCLUDED. To view give me a call or send me an email.79593;45th/3rd PRIME MID EAST FLEX 4BDS 2BTH WITH BALC IN LUX DRMN BLDG! STEPS FROM GRAND CENTRAL!Outstanding deal in a desired location. Large newly renovated (flex) 4 bed/2bath apartment on a high floor with a huge terrace overlooking great views of the city. 24 hour doorman. Amazing closet space along with granite kitchen with stainless steel appliances and washer/dryer in the apartment. All bedrooms can fit a queen bed with furniture. Unbeatable location, steps from all dining, nightlife and transportation.80765;Spacious 2br in a great location!Clean buildingSuper on siteLots of lightHardwood floorsBeautiful kitchenClosets in each bedroomRight by Central M train--short commute to Manhattan!Close to lots of great cafes, restaurants, bars, etc.80977;RUN DO NOT WALK! EXACT PICS OF UNIT! This 550 sq. ft. apartment has 4 rooms in a rail-road layout with hardwood floors, high ceilings and modern WINDOWED EAT IN KITCHEN  with full size black appliances in an appliances! This is an amazing rail road two bedroom and it still has a GIANT living room or also  Great as a 1 bedroom with a home office and the giant living room! WINDOWS IN EVERY ROOM.  Full modern bath. Just one flight up in a walk up building. Located in a Prime Chelsea location, this is a rare opportunity to get an apartment directly next to High-Line Park IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ART GALLERY NEIGHBORHOOD. Surrounded by gorgeous tree lined townhouse blocks and all manner of shopping high end restaurants, quick access to Meatpacking and the west side Chelsea piers for running, bike riding etc!  . Small friendly breed dog allowed! 81668;High Floor, Bright And Spacious Two Bedroom Apartment With All Utilities Included Located In Rego Park. This Home Also Features A Living Room, Dining Area, Windowed Eat-In Kitchen And Bathroom, New Hardwood Floors Plus Great Views. The Howard Is A Pet Friendly Coop Which Includes A Laundry Room, Parking And Is Steps From The Subway And Shopping.82098;Beautiful 2 bedroom in elevator building in prime West Village location. The apartment features 2 marble bathrooms, washer & dryer, and granite kitchen with stainless steel appliances, including a dishwasher. granite kitchen with dishwasher, in unit laundry, marble bath, hardwood floors.Conveniently located just steps from some of the city's best restaurants and nightlife, including Cafe Cluny, Meatpacking District, and Equinox gym. Down the street from the 1, 2, 3 L & PATH trains, and around the corner from the M20 and M14 bus.83420;"Bright and Sunny 1300 Sqft Semi-Railroad 2 bedroom with Washer / Dryer - NO FEE *No Fee*Beautiful semi-railroad 2 bedroom home in the heart of Greenpoint, one of the most beautiful blocks, near the waterfront and close to Greenpoint G train.Apartment Featuresn:Parquet wood floors 1300 sqft (entire floor) - 6 rooms. Semi-Railroad 2 bedroom layout Two decorative fireplaces Separate Dinning room.Great natural light. Oversized windows. Architectural Details including ceiling medallions, crown and picture molding.83708;"Available for May 1st move-in date.  2 Bed  with exposed brick, secure building entry with key less entry system, recessed lighting hardwood floors, stainless steel kitchen appliances custom cabinetry, washer/ dryer in unit. 83793;Call the Anchor Knights at 614-976-8275! This is a fantastic 4 bedroom unit, between 1st and 2nd Avenues, close to the L train and the best restaurants in the city! Enjoy the ease of having 2 bathrooms to use, as well as a washer/dryer in unit! Charming details like the exposed brick walls give the place a unique feel, while still offering modern conveniences. This is a great price for the sweet location and amenities!83951;**Prime Gramercy Location**This is a Gut Renovated True 3 Bedroom w/ 2 Baths and Washer & Dryer in unit! Apartment is newly renovated featuring: bleached-plank hardwood floors, recessed lighting, granite countertops, stainless steel appliances, cherry wood cabinets, crown and baseboard moldings, with marble bathrooms. 84088;**Breath-taking views, state of the art amenities, brand new luxury building*Advertised price is net 1 MONTH FREE PLUS NO BROKER FEE!! 1 MONTH FREE FACTORED INTO ADVERTISED PRICE** Come home to this spectacular building that entices and excites. Elegantly designed with exquisite finishes, this beautiful one bedroom has amazing views, glorious light, and a modern kitchen with dishwasher. You'll enjoy an array of opportunities for recreation, fitness and fun. The landscaped park provides a green oasis for exhilaration or exercise where Midtown meets the River. The building has a state-of-the-art fitness center and sauna and stream rooms. Both an athletic and aesthetic experience, the pool and decorative columns are beautifully inlaid with an original tile mosaic. Adjoining the pool is an outdoor sundeck with lounge chairs and tables.84312;"This is your unique chance to rent a fantastic apartment in one of the best up-and-coming neighborhoods in Manhattan, the complete mid-rise at 518 W 136th. Unit #22 is a spectacular unit featuring Northern exposures. Ample amount of light will flood your 600 square foot residence with ceilings reaching 7 feet. The spaciousness of the apartment is further accentuated with an open One-wall kitchen that features Granite counter tops and Chrome fixtures. Sophistication and attention to detail and finishings run throughout the apartment. Your full size bathroom has an alcove acrylic bathtub while all feature excellent plumbing fixtures and custom details. While the buildings original design details were preserved, in particular the beautiful Newly Renovated facade, your elegant residence has been upgraded to include the conveniences great modern furniture for premium city residential living.Your furnished residence features a 40-inch Flat Screen Television, Netflix, and Free Wireless Internet. You'll remain relaxed and comfortable with dual air-conditioning for those hot days and a radiant heating system for when it's cold out. 84956;2 Bed 1 Bath with exposed brick, secure building entry with key less entry system * Exposed Brick Throughout * Recessed lighting * Hardwood floors* Stainless steel kitchen appliances * Custom cabinetry 85109;AMAZING FLEX 2 BEDROOM APARTMENT LOCATED IN MURRAY HILL / KIPS BAY AREA. APARTMENT INCLUDES BRAND NEW INSTALLED HARDWOOD FLOORS, MODERN KITCHEN WITH STAINLESS STEEL APPLIANCES AND REMODELED BATHROOM. BEDROOMS ARE SPACIOUS AND CAN EASILY FIT A QUEEN SIZE BEDS. LARGE LIVING ROOM SPACE, EVEN AFTER FLEX WALL IS BUILT. BUILDING OFFERS 24 HOUR DOORMAN, ROOF DECK, GYM, AND LAUNDRY!! PLEASE CALL ME IF YOU HAVE ANY ADDITIONAL QUESTIONS IN REGARDS TO THIS APARTMENT.85161;Gorgeous X-Large 2BR! ~~ King-Sized Bedrooms! 86216;Simply amazing!!!! Spacious 3 bedroom apartment with all new hardwood floors. The master bedroom is big enough to fit a KING size bed and at least two dressers still leaving plenty of living space. Two other bedrooms are Queen-size, very large living room/ dinning room combo that can accommodate a table for 8, a couch and entertainment center. Very spacious kitchen with plenty of cabinet and counter space, four large closet throughout the apartment, a linen closet, and a pantry closetQ55 bus across the street, Stop & Shop, Traders Joe 7 minutes away.86360;Incredible 2 Bedroom with On Site Garage and Fitness Center in Flatbush Gardens.Flatbush Gardens is a neighborhood of six-story brick buildings clustered around courtyards and play areas. Over $20 million has been spent on capital improvements and apartment renovations here.We are a diverse community. Remaining true to the history and character of Brooklyn, we are home to many people from all walks of life. Each and every resident plays an integral role enriching this area, forging lifelong relationships and adding his or her story to the continued growth of this complex. Flatbush Gardens has always been this way, and we hope to continue to strengthen and improve the overall quality of life here by impressing upon our residents that we understand that home is far too important to be taken lightly.Why choose between price and quality when you can have both? At Flatbush Gardens, you'll save money without sacrificing your standard of living. Each spacious apartment is fully renovated prior to occupancy, featuring refinished wood floors, freshly painted walls, and upgraded appliances and plumbing fixtures.86375; Perfect for Share ! ACT FAST !86747;"Beautiful recently renovated Park Slope 1BR+REC.ROOM/2BA with a private back yard! PLUS - private finished basement with exclusive use of washer/dryer! Exposed brick, deco fireplace, high ceilings and dark hardwood floors add charm and coziness to this apartment. 86769;_ 61st & Madison_1200 sq ft true 2br w/ oversized brs/living room & rooftop access!87179;Beautiful renovated Large 2 Bedroom 2 flights up at 250 Broome Street in the LES!$3,391 after 1 month free of $3,700 gross rentApartment features:-Large Living Room-Renovated corner kitchen with granite counter tops, breakfast bar & stainless steel appliances including dishwasher!-Exposed brick throughout -2 Equal sized bedrooms both fit queens with room for dressers & have closets!-Windowed Marble bathroom-High ceilings & Great light & air throughout-2 flights up!Located 2 flights up in a charming walkup building on the best corner in the Lower East Side (Broome and Orchard), 250 Broome Street features all the LES has to offer!Steps from the best restuarants: (Barrio Chino, Dudleys, Cafe Katja, Grey Lady) & the hottest bars and clubs in the neighborhood (Hotel Chantelle, The DL, Pianos, No Fun).Transportation:-FJMZ at Delancey St-Essex St 0.2 miles (3 blocks)-BD at Grand St 0.2 miles-JZ at Bowery 0.2 miles-F at 2nd Av 0.4 miles-6 at Spring St 0.5 miles-NR at Prince St 0.6 miles.87449;Beautiful 2 bedroom apartment in West Chelsea!87808;"This luxury doorman high rise offers a full floor of amenities that include a 3,400 sq. ft. lounge with fireplace, billiards, card tables and big screen TV, a 2,100 sq. ft. gym overlooking the Hudson, a retro arcade with every game you will ever want to play and a 4,100 sq. ft. garden terrace adjacent to the lounge. WiFi is available in all common areas. The landscaped sky deck with green features offers chaise lounges for sunning. Also, there is shuttle bus service, live music in the spectacular two-story lobby, valet services and an on-site ATM. Bike storage and on-site parking are available.This apartment features intelligent design including ceilings, floor-to-ceiling corner windows, an open kitchen granite kitchen with stainless steel appliances including a dishwasher & microwave, hardwood floors, washers and dryer, in-home safe, and a private terrace, all the technology and Verizon FiOS.88393;Cant beat this deal, rent stabilized 3 bedroom with floor to ceiling windows in midtown west! Best location adjacent to Columbus Circle.Located in a luxury elevator building with marble lobby, laundry on-site and live-in super and a fully furnished & landscaped roof deck with amazing views. This apartment is one of a kind. Huge 1100 sq ft 3 bedroom, 2 full bath unit facing south with amazing super sunny views! Amazing space, queen sized bedrooms and living room is large enough for a L shaped couch and dining table, great for entertaining. Space is complete with granite kitchen, tons of cabinets and countertop space with dishwasher. Enormous closet space, central AC/heat in every room. Each bedroom can fit a queen bed and a dresser. Floor to ceiling windows!89220;Gorgeously renovated TRUE 2 bedroom apartment in the HEART of the Lower East Side. This apartment is just over a year removed from a full gut renovation and features stainless steel appliances including a dishwasher, ceaser stone counter tops, marble bathroom, beautiful hard wood floors and covered in exposed brick. The building features FREE WiFi, video intercom system, Bluetooth speakers system and Dash Locker, a laundry pick-up service. Only two flights up.This apartment is only steps away from the best restaurants (Sauce, Mission Cantina, Sweet Chick), bars (Piano's, La Caverna, Hotel Chantelle) and clubs (Finale, No Fun, The 303) that the Lower East Side is known for!Only 3 blocks to the F, M, J, Z trains, 130 Allen Street is located at the crossroads of Manhattan's hottest neighborhoods: Lower East Side, SoHo, East Village and the Bowery.90094;+ SPACIOUS + STUNNING!!! 2 BEDROOMS Home with Plenty of Natural Light throughout. Enjoy High Ceiling, Large Windows, Exposed Brick Details, Recessed Light and Hardwood Flooring, King Plus Size Bedroom for all of your furnishing and 1 Queen Size Bedroom with large closet+ Updated Bath and Kitchen with New Cabinetry.90278;"Call Marina Chukhriy for Appointments90924;Coming available for you to move into during early June - this is a large true 2 bedroom apartment on scenic tree-lined Bank Street.The apartment features a renovated, stainless steel, windowed eat-in-kitchen complete with granite counter-tops, great cabinet space, and new appliances including a built in microwave plus a dishwasher. It also boasts a separate living room, 2 big bedrooms with enough space for queen sized beds plus additional furniture, gorgeous views of the neighborhood, hardwood floors, Southern exposure that gets great natural light, decorative fireplace, high ceilings, and exposed brick. Both bedrooms have windows & large closets. This is an exclusive listing only available courtesy of Preston NY, a broker fee applies. One year lease. Guarantors accepted, roommates & shares OK. Pet friendly!91757;HUGE PRICE DROP! Charming 2 bed/1 bath93412;This apartment is located in a walk up building. The apartment features a spacious living area, hardwood floors, a modern kitchen and a full bathroom. Pets and Guarantors are allowed. Let’s make this beauty your next home!93545;The building is a full-service doorman building with a gym, an indoor 50ft lap pool and a roof deck. The apartment is a spacious 2 bed 2 bath with washer/dryer in-unit. The room you would be taking over is the slightly larger room (on the left of the floor plan) with your own bathroom! None of that annoying getting-ready-in-the-morning traffic or arguing who's turn it is to clean the bathroom. The room itself also has a huge closet and is large enough to fit a king-sized bed and other furniture. If you are interested, you can buy my existing furniture as well (they are only a year old from when I moved in). The living room is already fully furnished. 93577;Renovated three bedroom in a Prime Midtown East location. 3rd floor walk-up. Each room easily fits queen size bed. Great natural light! Conveniently located near the 6, E, and M subway lines. One stop away from Grand Central Station. Live-in super. Pet friendly! 93806;APARTMENT FEATURES:- This Flex 2 apartment is located on 43rd floor with city and water view.- High ceilings with hardwood Floor.- Luxurious high-end Murphy Bed and flat screen TV.- Two big closets with additional storage space in the the Murphy bed set. - Open kitchen with granite counter top, GE profile fridge, dishwasher, microwave, and range.- Marble bathroom.94701;Located around the corner from the ORIGINAL and historic Bohemian Beer Garden and 2 blocks to the Astoria Blvd N/Q train. Just 6 minutes from Midtown. Groceries, restaurants, and more and all around the corner.Renovated 1 year ago. Featuring all new hardwood flooring throughout. Both bedrooms fit kings and have 2 large closets and windows. Great natural lighting throughout. The kitchen is an eat-in with cherry oak cabinets, stone counters, and stainless steel appliances. The bath is tiled to the ceiling and also has windows.Heat and hot water included. No pets. Located on a quiet tree lined street in Astoria. EASY street parking.95599;Located on a peaceful block of Bed Stuy, this apartment is on Sumpter Street between Howard and Saratoga Avenues. On the third floor of a walk-up building, the apartment was recently renovated. Available for May, call today before it's gone!2 miles to the C at Ralph Avenue and .4 miles to the J at Halsey St or the J/Z at Chauncey St96134;This building is on a tree-lined street right around the corner from the 6 train. It's a Generous 2 bedroom apt. with queen size bedrooms and large common area. I am showing this apartment today.96303;65TH/2 AVE!! LARGE TRUE 3 BED DUPLEX / 2 BATH! RENOV UNIT W/ SS APP KITCHEN AND EXPOSED BRICK WALL!Renovated 3 bedroom duplex with spiral staircase, granite tile floor in kitchen, all stainless steel appliances, dishwasher, microwave, granite island with breakfast bar, 2 full marble bathrooms, high ceilings, hardwood floor, true 3 bedroom unit with queen size beds and still plenty of space for your dresser, nightstand, and TV. Each bedroom has its own custom closet as well as overhead storage. The living room features exposed brick wall and it offers great space to entertain your guests. There is laundry in building, near subway and buses, walk to work, quiet Midtown East/ Upper East Side location!96345;No Fee!! Huge 3 Bedroom - All utilities included in the rent - Even Electricity!! Gut renovated apartment features strip wood flooring throughout, Granite counters and Stainless Steel appliances in Kitchen and White Tiled Bath.Property included elevator, laundry and full time security as well as quick and easy access to shops, restaurants and public transportation!Call or email me to schedule a private viewing immediately - this incredible steal won't last long!! 96803;"Steps from Central Park and the Plaza Hotel, this furnished one Bedroom home offers the perfect balance of convenience and luxury in a boutique Condominium with white glove service &  full-time Concierge, plus Garage in building. The apartment features custom closets, hardwood floors, southern exposure with open city views of Midtown and chic, modern furnishings with two flat screen televisions. The impeccably kept building has a friendly, efficient staff and such luxuries as the garage, private courtyard garden, private storage, bike room, laundry facilities, and a circular drive with porte cochere, offering residents drive-in, front door access & protection from inclement weather. A planted Roof Terrace  offers sun bathing with dazzling panoramic views of the city. One block from the stunning, two-story lobby, you will find the Paris Theater, Bergdorf Goodman and the world renowned shopping of Fifth and Madison Avenues. Rockefeller Center, Broadway and the finest restaurants are all within walking distance. Please take advantage of an opportunity to move into this home with all New York City has to offer.  **An extended lease will guarantee NO increase in monthly rent**96960;NO FEE & 1 MONTH FREEApartment:Newly RenovatedBleached-Plank Hardwood FloorsRecessed LightingGranite CountertopsStainless Steel AppliancesCherry Wood CabinetsCrown & Baseboard MoldingsMarble BathroomsPremium Bosch Washer/Dryer in UnitBuilding:Pets AllowedL at 3rd Av 0.2 miles6 at 23rd St 0.4 milesLNQR456 at 14th St-Union Square 0.4 milesNR at 23rd St 0.5 milesNot exactly what you're looking for? Call anyways. I specialize in all types of units throughout Manhattan. With access to all the inventory and exclusives, I can find you what you're looking for.*Net effective price listed on 1 month free*97229;"THE LOCATION: Prime of the East Village, on an action-packed street at the Center of Saint Mark's Place. This section of the East Village is known for its many stores, restaurants, local shops, and world-class tattoo parlors. Centralized location close to Astor Place, Fourth Avenue, and the Green Subway Line.97619;11TH/4TH HUGH 3BR/2BA 1300 SF  W/BALC IN LUX ELEV BLG PRIME UNION SQUARE! LAUNDRY AND LIVE-IN SUPER!This apartment is situated on a high floor in a luxury elevator building with laundry and live in super. Huge bedrooms that fit a queen plus additional furniture. Extra large kitchen, newly renovated! Large balcony with great views. In the heart of Union Square, cant beat this deal!!!Central ac/heat, heat and hot water included. The building is equipped with video intercom and alarm system. Steps from everything!97721;This apartment is situated in a luxury elevator building on the quiet tree-lined 83rd street block. True two queen sized bedrooms with closets in both rooms. Windows in every room makes this apartment sun-drenched. Eat in kitchen with dishwasher. Spacious living room with perfect layout for an L- shaped couch, coffee table and TV.Conveniently perched on the Upper East Side on 3rd Ave. Soul Cycle is your neighbor. Duane Reade across the street. Many chic boutiques and fine dining all around the area. 4,5,6 train nearby.97846;Renovated Large 2 Bedroom 1 Bathroom Apartment in Amazing Union Square Location. W/ Separate Dining Alcove. Queen Plus Bedrooms w/ Big ClosetsApartment Features:-Renovated-Stainless steel appliances-Microwave-Bright Sun-Hardwood floors-Lots of closet space-Quiet Apartment-Renovated Building-Excellent management Neighborhood Features:-Great Restaurants, Nightlife, Shops-Multiple Grocery stores in the area-Located in the Heart of the East Village-Easy Access to all public transportation **Price is for 6-8 Month Lease - Longer Lease (18-21) Available, Email to Inquire98126;This Flex 2 Studio Home Office features:- A Pass Thru Kitchen- North East Exposure- Granite Counter Tops- Stainless Steel Appliances - Wood Cabinets- Hardwood Floors- Alot of space. Amenities include: - 24 Hour concierge  - Deluxe residents lounge with billiards table and bar - On site Crunch Fitness - On site parking lot available - Roof deck - Complimentary every Sunday - Pet friendly98948;Massive 4BR Loft-Style Apartment in the hear of SOHO. Apartment Features: -Loft Style layout,-Elevator-laundry in unit-In Area Super-Responsive Management 99178;Big 2 Bedroom CONVERTIBLE with  Window section, convert to a 2nd Bedroom. YES!! this is the One, the ONE that YOU have been SEARCHING  for. The apartment has a spacious windowed section that can be easily converted to a 2nd Bedroom, that will fit a Queen size Bed and a whole lot more. You also have a Big Living Room, Loft like ceilings, a 13 Foot main Bedroom and a recent renovation. All this VALUE and SPACE is in a Gorgeous ELEVATOR turn of the century Gem with a spotless Laundry(dryers a currently out of service), a wonderful Live-in SUPER and Video Security. The LEXINGTON and 95th location is the Heart of Carnigie Hill and only ONE short block to the SUBWAY. YES!!!99232;HUGE 3 BEDROOM APARTMENT , WHICH INCLUDES 2 BATHROOMS, BRAND NEW BAMBOO FLOORING INSTALLED, BUILDING HAS DOORMAN AND GYM.99503;FEATURES:Custom European CabinetryGranite CountertopsFisher Paykel and Lieber Stainless Steel AppliancesHardwood FlooringHigh CeilingsPrivate Terraces in select homesContemporary Tile BathsAMENITIES:24 Hour DoormanLaundry RoomFitness CenterOn-site Resident ManagerRoofdeckBike RoomValet ServicesTenant LoungeTenant StorageIAN CHRISTIECHRISTIE PROPERTY GROUP99989;Recent renovations including stainless steel kitchen, quartz countertops, dark wood cabinetry, new bathroom, new hardwood flooring and exposed brick.Building is two blocks to the B/C train and has on site laundry. 100515;Super sized apartment!  2 large bedrooms / one bath with  separate living room.  Ample closet space.Email me now for a private viewing.Bond New York is a real estate broker that supports equal housing opportunity.100914;*E 25TH/3RD*Generous True 2br queen size beds & large living rm!Gramercy!101978;Beautiful First Floor Apartment. 8 Closets, Recessed Lighting, Ceiling Fans, Spa Bath, Chef's Kitchen, Lots Of Windows, Hardwood Floors. Sidewalks Are Heated So No Snow Shoveling! Small Pet With Approval And Additional Security Deposit. Close To All And Not To Be Missed.102948;LOOK NO FURTHER!! Wonderful 2 bedroom apt. with 1.5 bathrooms, large eat in kitchen, massive living room with crown molding and exposed brick, a decorative brick fireplace on the top floor with roof access in a gated building with laundry facilities. Exciting area of the East Village near fun eateries, and night spots. 103384;***NO APP FEES!! 250 SECURITY DEPOSIT W/D IN UNIT. Looking for a perfect place to share or for your family? Well stop your search this Large convertible 3 bed room apartment is for you! each room is big enough for queen size beds, a dresser, and desk. The apartments also features plank hardwood flooring, granite countertops in the stainless steel kitchen, washer and dryer in unit, and modern bath with a deep soaking tub. Building amenities include 24-hour doorman, concierge, and valet service, a state-of-the-art fitness center complete with rock climbing wall, and lovely rooms for entertaining friends and business associates. Top it off with an amazing rooftop sundeck complete with grills for a lazy Sunday afternoon.104033; Beautiful Corner, Split-2 Bedroom and 2-Full bathroom Unit with multiple exposures! Available July 7th. 40 Gold Street is a modern boutique rental development in the heart of the Financial District with 56 units, comprising 40 two-bedrooms and 16 studio residences. Designed by Meltzer Mandl Architects, the apartments are beautifully laid out with high ceilings, red oak floors and floor-to-ceiling closets. All apartments feature modern solar shades for the oversized windows that allow for maximum privacy while allowing light to infuse throughout. All two-bedroom apartments benefit from split wings for optimal privacy. Kitchens are fitted with custom wood cabinetry with self-closing drawers, granite countertops with glass backsplashes, and include stainless steel appliances from such signature manufacturers as GE, LG, Samsung and Fisher Paykel appliances, plus dedicated icemakers. The porcelain-tiled bathrooms also have many of the bells and whistles associated with luxury products, including Duravit and Toto toilets and Kohler sinks and hardware. 104624;vAccess 1000s of Unique Listings Online, APARTMENT FEATURES: Washer/Dryer, Dishwasher, Granite Kitchen, Walk-In Closet, South Exposure, East Exposure, BUILDING AMENITIES: Rental, Post-War, Doorman, Elevator, Gym, AREA/NEIGHBORHOOD: Access to the 4/5/6, Banana Republic, Gap, Sephora, Access to the M15 & M86 Buses, East 86th Street Cinemas, Heidelberg Rest. & Pepe Patron, Guggenheim Museum, Fairway Market & Food Emporium, Central Park & Carl Shurtz Par, Barnes & Nobles Booksellers104786;This spectacular TRUE 2br offers a generous layout. It can accommodate a full entertainment set-up in the living room. Both bedrooms feature their own windows and closets. One bedroom is Full Size and the other is Queen Size. The windowed kitchen is also quite large, with plenty of counter space and enough additional room for a breakfast bar or small table.105316;This true 3 bedroom on Park Avenue South features a large living area for 3 people. $5,695April 1st move inTRUE 3 BEDROOM IN AN ELEVATOR BUILDING ON 19TH AND PARK AVEWindows in each room including HIGH CEILINGS WALLS AND WINDOWS. The location is unbeatable as it is in the center of Manhattan.105714; n/a105747; Great Spacious Apartment! 106138;Conveniently located on Manhattan's trendy West side between, within walking distance of several New York City attractions such as Central Park, Broadway Theaters, Lincoln Center, Columbus Circle and the Time Warner Center, just to name a few. In addition there is a wide array of restaurants, bars, bookstores, music stores, cinemas, pharmacies and supermarkets just steps away. You also won't have to worry about transportation: The 1 and 9 trains are located only one block from the complex as are several bus lines. Building includes - Doorman, Laundry and fantastic full gym! NO FEE! - A fantastic TRUE 2 bedroom in an upscale doorman building with NO FEE - this is exactly what you are looking for. Beautiful hardwood floors line the entire apartment combined with great natural light exposure makes this unit a fantastic place to come home to! Granite finished kitchen, with full appliances including dishwasher and microwave. The bathroom is very spacious and has a wonderful marble finish. Each room can fit at least a queen and the living room is large enough for a dining area and entertainment.106819;This quiet, recently renovated, first floor apartment is located on the coolest block in the the LES. Broome and Orchard is the place to be and this building leaves you just steps away from some of the most celebrated restaurants to renowned galleries. Apartments feature:Hardwood Floors Throughout Large Windows Spacious Layout with exposed brick throughout.Stainless Steel Appliances Dishwasher!Marble BathroomLaundromat directly across the street!Easy Access to Subways (F,M, J, Z @ Essex/Delancey)106824;Spot on 5th Avenue location in the heart of Park Slope. True 2 beds with hardwood floors throughout. Two full sized beds that are completely separated from each other. Spacious living area, big enough to fit large sectional couch if need be. One block from all the fun at J.J. Byrne Park, and a short walk up the hill to Prospect Park. Heat and Hot Water Included.106887;This gorgeous new 2Bedroom 1Bathroom apartment wont be on the market long. Amenities include:-Gym in Building-Garbage Shoot -PRIVATE CABANA perfect for summer hangouts-Free Wifi -Washer and Dryer -Dishwasher-HVAC units in every room-Sound canceling windows-High ceilings-Stainless steel appliancesThis highly sought after building is located in prime LES and offers amenities such as a Free Gym, Free Wi-Fi, Lounge and a Garbage chute on every floor. The neighborhood offers some of the best restaurants, shopping, and night life. The F, M, J, Z train is only 3 blocks away!108223; River Views, Dishwasher, Granite Kitchen, Stainless Kitchen, Home Office, Central A/C, Wood Floors, Post-War, Hi-Rise, Doorman, Concierge, Elevator, Gym, Laundry Room, Roof Deck, Pets Allowed, Bike Room, Children's Playroom, Garden, Garage, Tribeca Park, Access to 1/2/3/A Subways, Whole Foods Market, Nobu Tribeca, The Palm, Access to M20 & M05 Buses, Film Forum110285;Located in the elegant, yet electrifying neighborhood of Hell’s Kitchen, this fully furnished, short term rental is perfect for your summer stay. Available from May-September, enjoy unique views with floor to ceiling windows, illuminating this corner apartment with an abundance of natural light. The 2 bedroom apartment comes with two queen size beds and two bathrooms. Sit back and relax with the Verizon FiOs premium package which comes with Showtime, HBO, Cinemax, and sports package. The unit comes furnished with sleek, stainless steel appliances, in addition to a washer/dryer.111156;Extremely large two bedroom/one bath in a pet friendly pre-war building with laundry and live in super. This apartment features a gracious entry foyer and separate windowed kitchen with all full size appliances including a dishwasher. Extra-large living room which can easily accommodate a large sectional and dining table, both bedrooms easily fit king size beds plus bedroom furniture, tons of closet space throughout, immaculate windowed bathroom, 9 foot ceilings which creates an open feel, and tons of windows which allow for endless sunshine. Steps from the best dining, shopping and the 4,5,6, train. To view this apartment, call, text or email anytime. 111534;SUN DRECHED 3 BEDROOM/ 1 BATH 1200 SQF!! GUT RENOVATED UNIT/ NEW BATH AND NEW SS APP KITCHEN!!This amazing new renovation 3 bedroom- 1 bathroom apartment  is located in a quiet yet nice tree lines street.This apartment is very spacious features high ceilings, hardwood floors and brand new windows. The unit has an updated kitchen with granite counter, stainless steel appliances and dishwasher. Brand new  windowed bathroom and is a fabulous apartment with 12000 sqf!! perfect unit with spacious bedrooms and massive living room!!It won't last. contact asap it will go fast!Near by subways: A  train at Dyckman St-200th St 0.2 miles  and 1 train at 207th St 0.4 miles111739;Spacious Converted 2BR in East Village!Tons of characters throughout the apartment.Beautiful exposed brick walls, French bedroom doors, and touch dimmer light switches.Huge two queen size bedrooms or you can have a large 1 bed. Spacious living room.Granite kitchen with modern appliances.Sweeping hardwood floor.Soaring high ceiling.Email, text, or call now for a private view!112616;Great for shares! Huge 4BR apartment on the garden level with a private garden. Each room might fit a queen size bed and has a closet. Large separate updated kitchen with a dishwasher. Private garden where you can enjoy sitting and barbecuing during the summer!112920;** LUXURY ** building located in the Midtown-West combines Classy and Modern. This stylish, contemporary, rental is walking distance from dining, shopping, entertainment and all transportation. The building offers the best full time service doorman with New GYM to keep your body in good shape all year.A beautiful roofdeck with insane views of NYC to spend some quality time with friends and . A Billard room to relax 24/7. A large TV lounge room for great occasions: Superbowl - Worldcup - Playoffs.113060;86TH/3RD HUGE 1100SF  3 BEDROOM! W/PRIVATE TERRACE!!! LUX ELEV BLDG!SS APP GRAN KIT!This huge THREE BEDROOM  with PRIVATE TERRACE is located in an amazing location steps from the 4/5/6 train! Located in a luxury elevator building with laundry, live in super and marble lobby. Tons of sunlight. Facing south with open views! Huge closet space. Renovated stainless steel appliances kitchen with tons of counter and cabinet space as well as a breakfast bar. Granite countertops, High ceilings. Tons of closet space. Video intercom and alarm system. Wired for hi speed cable and internet.113544;Call the Anchor Knights at 614-976-8275! This is a beautiful genuine 2 bedroom apartment on the corner of 14th St and Avenue A (NOT Stuy-town!!) Live life on this desirable city block, close to some of Manhattan's best dining and nightlife, for a super low price! You'll enjoy the classic feel of exposed brick walls, paired with excellent modern conveniences like keyless security entrance and PRIVATE laundry unit.114497; Just in...! Please call agent for details or to schedule a viewing.115529;LOFT LIVING IN FLATIRON.Top notch finishes abound in this 2,500 square foot full floor three bedroom, three bathroom loft features wireless sound with Bose speakers, Lutron lighting, security system, central air, matched with orignal architectural details.Living room features soaring 17 foot ceilings which overlook fifth avenue.Open chef's kitchen feature custom oak cabinetry with Viking range and oven, Bosch and Subzero appliances.Each bedroom features en-suite bathrooms with spacious closets.Elevator opens directly into unit.You must see this amazing space to truly appreciate it's beauty. Please contact Patrick for an exclusive showing. Offering concessions for a move-in before Jan. 15th. 115880; Renovated WING 2 BR with STUNNING pre-war details. Very Sunny. 115978; Want To Be Close To Everything? This Beautiful And Ample Converted 2 Bedroom Is Centrally Located To Rego Park Shopping Centers And Transportation. With A Working Fireplace, Lovely Kitchen, And Stunning Hardwood Floors In The Main Living Quarters, This Is The Place For You. Affordable And In Excellent Condition, You Won't Want To Miss This Opportunity.116914;"This Spacious TRUE TWO BEDROOM apartment with city views is available unfurnished and comes with a high performance kitchen features custom Italian cabinetry, porcelain tile floor, and stainless steel appliances, the bathroom has a marble counter-top, deep bathtub. Individually controlled heating and cooling units, closets space, and wrapped large windows. This spectacular unit has it all: fantastic closet and storage space, hardwood flooring.THE BUILDING: Offers a spectacular list of amenities (included in your rent) which feature: 24-hr doorman and concierge, state-of-the-art equipment in a full-scale gym, lounge/party room, billiard and ping-pong tables, a fully landscaped Rooftop with sensational views, complete with dining tables, and lounge chairs, all for relaxation and entertaining.THE NEIGHBORHOOD: This building puts the best of the city at your doorstep, supermarkets, tons of restaurants, also few blocks from east river, the New York Stock Exchange on Wall Street, the W Hotel downtown. Whole Foods a 3-Minute Walk Away! Transportation 1/4/5/R/A/C/J/Z subway station, offering a quick easy access to the rest of the city.117438;PRIME Location! W17th and 8th Ave! HUGE 3BR / 2BA!118286;Our New Exclusive in the West Village is available for May 1st occupancy. What a fantastic location for this 2 bedroom flat with a smaller second bedroom featuring gorgeous inlaid hardwood floors, southern exposure, high ceilings, exposed brick wall, open kitchen, two large closets and nicely tiled bathroom. Situated only three flights up in a stately prewar brick building with on-site super, laundry and bike storage. Shares are allowed. 119649;"You will know by the exquisite stone, masonry and glass exterior designed by Davis Brody Bond, this is no ordinary building! Hardly lived in, this brand new 2 bedroom home defines luxury from its chef's kitchen to spa-inspired bath in the best location in Manhattan. Appliances include Viking gas range, Wood-paneled Sub-Zero frige and wine cooler, Bosch dishwasher, Kohler soaking tub, double through vanity, marble & travertine floors, waterworks fixtures, Rain shower, Miele washer/dryer, custom cabinetry and so much more! Walking distance to Fifth Ave, and many restaurants Perfect apt in perfect location!120325;This beautiful 2 bedroom in the heart of  Upper West Side is a must see! The gorgeous apartment has been beautifully renovated and features hardwood floors, dishwasher, microwave and laundry in building.120488;the best apartment match up, kindly email me your moving date.120654;Heart of Soho Bright Classic 2 Bedroom Apartment,Hardwood Floors and High Ceiling,Modern Kitchen with a Dishwasher,Lots of Light, Large Windows in Every Room,Call/Text Ivo To See This Unique Home and Other Residences Across New York City!120693;SPACIOUS 2 BEDROOM W/ HARDWOOD FLOORS, RENOVATED KITCHEN WITH SS APP APPLIANCES!! ABSOLUTELY GREAT LOCATION!!This is a brand new two bedroom apartment with hardwood floors thru-out located in a well maintained building with live-in superintendent. Separate kitchen equipped with stainless steel appliances, wood cabinets, and granite counter-tops. Spacious living-room, king-sized & queen-sized bedrooms with closets, and a new bathroom. Baby steps to Isham Park & Inwood Hill Park, restaurants, cafes, supermarkets, grocery stores, banks, shopping, and to the A & 1 trains. Well maintained prewar building with a live in super, located w 213th street and Broadway, 2 blocks to A express and, 1 trains. Located 2 blocks distance from A express A train on a tree lined block.There are many parks and recreational facilities, restaurants and bars in the neighborhood. The rent is a very great deal it is a steal at this price for this perfect neighborhood.120746;THIS LARGE 2 BR/BATH DOORMAN BLDG. PENTHOUSE DUPLEX APT IS ABSOLUTELY ONE OF A KIND. THE VIEW IS BREATHTAKING. MODERN KITCHEN WITH STAINLESS STEEL UPDATED APPLIANCES, GRANITE COUNTERTOPS. THERE IS A UNIQUE  SPIRAL STAIRCASE LEADING TO THE SECOND BR WITH A SKYLIGHT AND A BATHROOM RIGHT THERE. LOTS OF STORAGE AND CLOSET SPACE. FULL BATHROOMS ARE TILED, ON EACH LEVEL WITH A SHOWER. LAUNDRY ON EVERY FLOOR ! Come view NOW ! Located in prime NYC. Five minute walk to 6 train, 2 stops to Union Square. Great nightlife and bars right nearby and in the NYU area. 121615;THIS IS THE ONE THAT WILL END YOUR SEARCH! NEW TO MARKET. This humongous 2 bedroom is in the heart of the Flatiron District  and right on the border of Chelsea/West Village. Stupendous location, get anywhere lickity-split-quick.Don't sleep on it, sleep in it !122937; Amazing Apartment in Elevator Building with Rooftop Deck with breathtaking views of Brooklyn Bridge and Freedom Tower.  This is a XXL one bedroom has its own private terrace and can be converted to a two bedroom and central heat/AC. Washer & Dryer in unit! Chefs Kitchen with Full sized appliances and granite countertops! Located in Prime location in Seaport/Financial District. Convenient to the subway and all neighborhood services, such as the drycleaner, pharmacy, and also many restaurants right outside your doorstep.123698; 11TH/4TH HUGH 3BR/2BA 1300 SF  W/BALC IN LUX ELEV BLG PRIME UNION SQUARE! LAUNDRY AND LIVE-IN SUPER!This apartment is situated on a high floor in a luxury elevator building with laundry and live in super. Huge bedrooms that fit a queen plus additional furniture. Extra large kitchen, newly renovated! Large balcony with great views. In the heart of Union Square, cant beat this deal!!!Central ac/heat, heat and hot water included. The building is equipped with video intercom and alarm system. Steps from everything!